Introduce a walkthrough-like Getting Started section (#4)
crate/cloud-getting-started: docs/deploy.rst

.. _deploy:

======
Deploy
======

> You've configured the tools, and so this document first shows you how to create

Reviewer: you need to orient the reader. something like, "If you've followed part one and part two of this getting started guide, you've created an account and configured the tooling. This third part shows you..."

a CrateDB Cloud organization, a project, and second how to launch a cluster.

When you create an organization, you're automatically assigned the administrator
role.

> Through organizations you can administer other CrateDB Cloud users, projects and

Reviewer: "Through [noun] you can [verb]" is an awkward phrasing. can you simplify the language?

Reviewer: also, please use the Oxford comma

> project resources. For organization members, an organization provides a shared

Reviewer: I feel like this final sentence needs moving up a bit, as a sort of intro/framing device for orgs. before going on to say you can use them to administer objects

resources overview.

.. NOTE::

  This document assumes that you have created a `CrateDB Cloud account`_ and
  that you are logged in with the `Croud CLI`_.

.. rubric:: Table of contents

.. contents::
   :local:

Create an organization
======================

> First, create an organization and specify the organization name, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create an organization, like so:
```

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud organizations create --name YourOrganizationName

> 

Reviewer: add new line

then add something like: "Here,  the `--name` option is used to name the organization `YourOrganizationName`."

> Next, you can verify that you are a member of your organization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, list all the organizations you belong to:
```

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud organizations list
    +--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------+
    | id                                   | name           |   plan_type |
    |--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------|
    | 59c7961b-33a2-4478-9e98-2a6b3f54f60e | MyOrganization |           1 |
    +--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------+

> The list that you get in return shows all organizations that hold you as a

Reviewer: "This list shows..." "all organizations you are a member of"

Author: was rephrased this sentence time and again to avoid ending it with the proposition. in the end, i also think its best to do it like that. :)

Reviewer: "all organizations you belong to" then please

> member. The list shows the org-ID, name, and plan type of each organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
member. The list shows the ID, name, and plan type for each organization.
```

Create a project
================

> Projects let you group your resources and can contain multiple products, such as

Reviewer: "group your resources, such as CrateDB clusters or EventHub consumers"

> CrateDB Clusters or EventHub Consumers. But before you create a project to

Reviewer: "But" should start a new para (also drop the "But")

> deploy a product, it is necessary to set a default region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deploy a product, you must set a default region.
```

> The ``region`` setting determines in which geographical location your data is

Reviewer: fold this into previous new para

stored. It also specifies which CrateDB products you will find available.

The projects and CrateDB products you deploy are tied to that region. You can
reset the default region any time.

> These are the available regions:

Reviewer: ### 
```suggestion
Available regions:
```

+-------------------+---------------------+
| Region            | Command-line option |
+===================+=====================+

> | Azure East-US     | eastus.azure        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Azure East-US     | ``eastus.azure``        |
```

repeat this for the rest of the table

+-------------------+---------------------+
| Azure East-US     | eastus2.azure       |
+-------------------+---------------------+
| Azure West-Europe | westeurope.azure    |
+-------------------+---------------------+
| Bregenz           | bregenz.a1          |
+-------------------+---------------------+

> To interact with a particular product, it is essential to run your command in

Reviewer: drop this imo

the right region. You can ensure that you are operating in the right region if
you pass the ``--region`` parameter together with the corresponding command-line
option when you run a command.

> This tutorial uses the region ``bregenz.a1`` for the demonstration purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses the region ``bregenz.a1`` for demonstration purpose.
```

Set the region, like so:

  .. code-block:: console

     sh$ croud config set --region bregenz.a1
     ==> Info: Region switched to bregenz.a1

> Once you have set a region, all Croud commands will be executed for that region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have set a region, all subsequent Croud commands will be executed for that region.
```

... until?

> Create a project in your new organization and specify a project name, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now create a project, like so:
```

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud projects create --name YourProjectName

> 

Reviewer: add a "Here, the ``--name`` option..." like before

You have added a project to your organization.

.. SEEALSO::

>   Look up the Croud CLI Reference for help using the `croud organizations`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consult the Croud CLI Reference for help using the `croud organizations`_
```

link "Croud CLI Reference"

  or `croud projects`_ commands.

Review available products
=========================

To find out which products are available in your region, you can call up a list
of available products:

.. code-block:: console

>    sh$ croud products list --region bregenz.a1

Reviewer: I don't think we should list them all on this page

       --version 3.3.0 \
       --username yourusername \
       --password "yourpassword" \
       --region bregenz.a1
   +--------------------------------------+------------------------+----------+-------------+--------------------------------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
   | id                                   | name                   | numNodes | crateVersion| projectID                            | username | fqdn                                                 |
   +--------------------------------------+------------------------+----------+-------------+--------------------------------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
   | 8d6a7c3c-61d5-11e9-a639-34e12d2331a1 | my-first-crate-cluster |        1 | 3.3.0       | 59c7961b-33a2-4478-9e98-2a6b3f54f60e | default  | my-first-crate-cluster.bregenz.a1.cratedb.net. |
   +--------------------------------------+------------------------+----------+-------------+--------------------------------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
  ==> Success: Cluster deployed. It may take a few minutes to complete the
  changes.

> 

Reviewer: add a new para saying "Let's break that down:"

then add a list that goes over what was done step by step with that command

The cluster deployment will take around 5-10 minutes to complete.

.. TIP::

  Look up the `Croud CLI Reference`_ to learn what each argument in the
  ``clusters`` command specifies.

> If the operation was successful you'll get the deployment details returned.

Reviewer: switch to active voice

> Once the cluster is successfully deployed, you'll be asked to log in.

Reviewer: active voice

Enter your CrateDB Cloud login credentials and select *Sign in*.

The CrateDB administration user interface, admin UI for short, opens and
shows the CrateDB cluster that you've deployed. You can use it to inspect and
interact with the whole CrateDB cluster in a number of ways.

> Look up the corresponding section to learn everything surrounding the

Reviewer: "corresponding section"? do you mean the Admin UI docs? if so, say that

`CrateDB admin UI`_.

> .. image:: _assets/img/admin-ui.png

Reviewer: move this up. to where the reader first sees it

Author: this is where the user first sees the admin ui. imo we should keep it there.

Reviewer: the screenshot should appear after the sign in instruction because that is when the user will see it. the explanation of the admin ui should come after

.. _what-was-learned:

Next steps
==========

> Congratulations! You've deployed your first CrateDB cluster. Why don't you take

Reviewer: new para at "Why"

> a closer look at the `Cloud Console`_ web administration interface and learn how

Reviewer: this might be a nice place to show a screenshot of the console if you do log in to whet their appetite for following this suggestion

like ooh look new shiny stuff to play with

.. _deploy:

======
Deploy
======

To deploy a CrateDB cluster, you first need an organization and project, and
this page takes you through each of the steps. You will:

> - Create an organization

Reviewer: please collapse this into one or more paras in a more narrative style (not list style)

- Set a default region in Croud (determines where your data is stored)
- Create a project
- Check for available CrateDB products in your default region
- Deploy a CrateDB cluster

.. rubric:: Table of contents

> .. NOTE::

Reviewer: this NOT block should be above the rubric

>   This document assumes that you're `logged in`_ with your CrateDB Cloud user

Reviewer: "This document assumes that you have created a CreatDB Cloud account and that you are logged in with the Croud CLI tool." (links as appropriate)

  account.

.. contents::
   :local:

Create an organization
======================

To begin with, let's create an organization. Organizations hold projects
that let you deploy CrateDB products such as `clusters`_. Once you've
created an organization, you can invite other CrateDB Cloud users to become
`organization members`_.

You will automatically be the administrator of an organization that you create.

Create an organization and specify the organization name, like so:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud organizations create --name YourOrganizationName

> Verify that you are a member of the organization you created by giving the

Reviewer: "You can then verify this worked, like so:"

following command:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud organizations list
    +--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------+
    | id                                   | name           |   plan_type |
    |--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------|
    | 59c7961b-33a2-4478-9e98-2a6b3f54f60e | MyOrganization |           1 |
    +--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------+

> You will get a list of organizations that hold you as a member. The list shows

Reviewer: "Here, the output shows..."

the org-ID, name, and plan type of each shown organization.

Create a project
================

> Each project you create is tied to your default region. Thus also every CrateDB

Reviewer: reword "Thus also". clumsy

product that you deploy in a project.

> .. CAUTION::

Reviewer: does this need to be a CAUTION block?

   To interact with a particular product, make sure to run the command in the
   right region by passing the ``--region`` parameter as well as the
   corresponding option to the command.

The ``region`` setting determines in which geographical location your data is
stored. It also specifies which CrateDB products, such as clusters, you will
find available.

You can set the following regions:

+-------------------+---------------------+
| Region            | Command-line option |
+===================+=====================+
| Azure East-US     | eastus.azure        |
+-------------------+---------------------+
| Azure East-US     | eastus2.azure       |
+-------------------+---------------------+
| Azure West-Europe | westeurope.azure    |
+-------------------+---------------------+
| Bregenz           | bregenz.a1          |
+-------------------+---------------------+

> This tutorial uses the region ``bregenz.a1``.

Reviewer: can we say why?

> To set the region run the following command:

Reviewer: "Set the region, like so:"

  .. code-block:: console

     sh$ croud config set --region bregenz.a1
     ==> Info: Region switched to bregenz.a1

Once you have set the region, all Croud commands will be executed for
that region.

> Use the following command to create a project in your new organization and

Reviewer: drop "Use the following command to"

specify a project name:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud projects create --name YourProjectName

> You have added a project to your organization.

Reviewer: is there any output from this command we could include in the example instead of saying this?

.. SEEALSO::

  Look up the `Croud CLI Reference`_ for help using the ``croud organizations``
  or ``croud projects`` commands.

Review available products
=========================

Now that you have set a default region, created an organization and project, you
can call up a list of products that are available in your region.

Run the following command:

.. code-block:: console

   sh$ croud products list --region bregenz.a1

>    +-------------------------------------------------------------+----------+-------------------+---------------------------+--------+

Reviewer: I don't want to include this table in the getting started docs. it should be in the reference

we can allude to its contents, and link through to the full table elsewhere

   | A CrateDB cluster with standard storage                     | cluster  | cratedb.az1       | 0 - 2 (3 - 7 nodes)       | m      |
   | A CrateDB cluster with standard storage                     | cluster  | cratedb.az1       | 0 - 3 (3 - 9 nodes)       | l      |
   | Crate.io's Offering to connect Azure's EventHub to CrateDB. | consumer | eventhub-consumer | 1 - 1 (1 - 1 instances)   | xs     |
   | Crate.io's Offering to connect Azure's EventHub to CrateDB. | consumer | eventhub-consumer | 1 - 3 (1 - 3 instances)   | s      |
   | Crate.io's Offering to connect Azure's EventHub to CrateDB. | consumer | eventhub-consumer | 1 - 6 (1 - 6 instances)   | m      |
   | Crate.io's Offering to connect Azure's EventHub to CrateDB. | consumer | eventhub-consumer | 1 - 18 (1 - 18 instances) | l      |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------+----------+-------------------+---------------------------+--------+

The output lists the CrateDB products that are available in your default region.
The following node sizes (tiers) are available for the deployment of CrateDB

> products: **xs, s, m, l, xl**.

Reviewer: literals not bold

Pick the node size ``xs`` for your test purpose.

It is the smallest node size for a CrateDB product. According to the list above,
this is the CrateDB cluster ``cratedb.az-gp1``.

.. _launch-cluster:

Launch the cluster
==================

Now that you have created an organization and project, you can deploy the

> cluster by running this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cluster:
```

.. code-block:: console

   sh$ croud clusters deploy \
       --product-name cratedb.az-gp1 \
       --tier xs \
       --cluster-name my-first-crate-cluster \
       --project-id 59c7961b-33a2-4478-9e98-2a6b3f54f60e \
       --version 3.3.0 \
       --username yourusername \
       --password "yourpassword" \
       --region bregenz.a1

.. TIP::

  For an explaining list of the required arguments in this command check out the
  `Croud CLI Reference`_.

> If the operation was successful, you should get the deployment details returned:

Reviewer: like before, work this command output into the previous example block

explain it afterward

.. code-block:: console

   +--------------------------------------+------------------------+----------+-------------+--------------------------------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
   | id                                   | name                   | numNodes | crateVersion| projectID                            | username | fqdn                                                 |
   +--------------------------------------+------------------------+----------+-------------+--------------------------------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
   | 8d6a7c3c-61d5-11e9-a639-34e12d2331a1 | my-first-crate-cluster |        1 | 3.3.0       | 59c7961b-33a2-4478-9e98-2a6b3f54f60e | default  | my-first-crate-cluster.bregenz.a1.cratedb.net. |
   +--------------------------------------+------------------------+----------+-------------+--------------------------------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
  ==> Success: Cluster deployed. It may take a few minutes to complete the
  changes.

.. NOTE::

  The cluster deployment takes around 5-10 minutes to complete.

> At the prompt, enter your CrateDB Cloud login credentials.

Reviewer: what prompt?

> The administration user interface, or `Admin UI`_, opens and shows your deployed

Reviewer: why/why?

CrateDB cluster.

.. image:: _assets/img/admin-ui.png

Congratulations on your first `CrateDB cluster deployment`_.

.. _what-was-learned:

Next steps
==========

> - Getting started with the `Cloud Console`_.

Reviewer: make these more narrative-y, like suggestions to do a certain thing

check out the wording on https://crate.io/docs/

- Getting started with the `Croud CLI`_.
- Getting started with the `Admin UI`_.

> 

Reviewer: delete newline

=========================
Deploy your first cluster
=========================

This page shows you how to:

> - Set a region

Reviewer: this list is missing the create an organization step

- Check for available CrateDB products in that region
- Deploy your first CrateDB cluster

> 

Reviewer: please add a TOC (here and elsewhere)

> Create an organization and project

Reviewer: drop this subsection and work the content into the surrounding text

`CrateDB clusters`_. Once you've created an organization, you can invite CrateDB
Cloud users to become organization members – you'll get there later in this
tutorial.

Per default, you are assigned the administrator of an organization that you
create.

To create an organization, you use the `croud organizations create`_ command and
pass in ``--name`` to specify the organization name like so:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud organizations create --name YourOrganizationName

Use the ``croud organizations list`` command to verify that you are a member of
the organization you created:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud organizations list
    +--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------+
    | id                                   | name           |   plan_type |
    |--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------|
    | 59c7961b-33a2-4478-9e98-2a6b3f54f60e | MyOrganization |           1 |
    +--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------+

This will output a list of all organizations that you are a member of. The
command's output includes the organization's org-ids, names, and plan types.

> Create a project

Reviewer: this subsection is empty?

================

> Set a region in Croud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set a region
```

These are your possible choices for the ``region`` flag in the ``croud config``
command:

- bregenz.a1
- westeurope.azure
- eastus2.azure
- eastus.azure

This tutorial uses the region ``bregenz.a1``.

Run the `` croud config`` command and pass in ``region`` to set a region, like
so:

  .. code-block:: console

     sh$ croud config set --region bregenz.a1
     ==> Info: Region switched to bregenz.a1

Projects contain CrateDB products such as clusters and are created in specific
regions. A CrateDB product that you deploy in a specific project is tied to its
region.

To create a project run the  `croud projects command`_ and pass in ``--name`` to
specify the project name, as well as ``org-id`` to specify your organization as
the organization to create the project in:

.. TIP::

  Use the ID of the organization you created in the previous step.

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud projects create --name YourProjectName \
        --org-id 59c7961b-33a2-4478-9e98-2a6b3f54f60e

You have created a project in your organization.

.. SEEALSO::

  Look up the `Croud CLI section`_ for help using the ``croud organizations`` or
  ``croud projects`` commands.

> Look for available products

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review available products
```

===========================

Now that you've set a region, it's time to look for available products in that
region.

Run the ``croud products`` command and pass in ``region`` to look for available
products:

.. code-block:: console

   sh$ croud products list --region bregenz.a1
   +-------------------------------------------------------------+----------+-------------------+---------------------------+--------+
   | description                                                 | kind     | name              | scale_summary             | tier   |
   |-------------------------------------------------------------+----------+-------------------+---------------------------+--------|

>    | A CrateDB cluster suited for general purpose workloads      | cluster  | cratedb.az-gp1    | 0 - 0 (1 - 1 nodes)       | xxs    |

Reviewer 2: this tier is not available in prod.

I think the docs should only list stuff available in prod

Author: Swapped the xxs tier for the xs tier cluster.

Reviewer 3: That's because you're running against the development environment. You can use `--env prod` to ensure you're running against the production environment.

   | A CrateDB cluster with standard storage                     | cluster  | cratedb.az1       | 0 - 2 (3 - 7 nodes)       | m      |
   | A CrateDB cluster with standard storage                     | cluster  | cratedb.az1       | 0 - 3 (3 - 9 nodes)       | l      |
   | Crate.io's Offering to connect Azure's EventHub to CrateDB. | consumer | eventhub-consumer | 1 - 1 (1 - 1 instances)   | xs     |
   | Crate.io's Offering to connect Azure's EventHub to CrateDB. | consumer | eventhub-consumer | 1 - 3 (1 - 3 instances)   | s      |
   | Crate.io's Offering to connect Azure's EventHub to CrateDB. | consumer | eventhub-consumer | 1 - 6 (1 - 6 instances)   | m      |
   | Crate.io's Offering to connect Azure's EventHub to CrateDB. | consumer | eventhub-consumer | 1 - 18 (1 - 18 instances) | l      |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------+----------+-------------------+---------------------------+--------+

The output lists all available CrateDB products in your specified region. All
products ship in four different Node sizes (node tiers).

> Pick the smallest tier which is the ``xxs`` tier. In this case, you would be

Reviewer 2: the smallest tier is not xxs. This xxs tier is not available in production (only in dev)

deploying the CrateDB cluster ``cratedb.az-gp1`` with the smallest tier.

> Deploy your first CrateDB cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launch your cluster
```

   | id                                   | name                   | numNodes | crateVersion| projectID                            | username | fqdn                                                 |
   +--------------------------------------+------------------------+----------+-------------+--------------------------------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
   | 8d6a7c3c-61d5-11e9-a639-34e12d2331a1 | my-first-crate-cluster |        1 | 3.3.0       | 59c7961b-33a2-4478-9e98-2a6b3f54f60e | default  | my-first-crate-cluster.bregenz.a1.cratedb.net. |
   +--------------------------------------+------------------------+----------+-------------+--------------------------------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
  ==> Success: Cluster deployed. It may take a few minutes to complete the changes.

.. CAUTION::

  The cluster deployment will still be in progress and take around 5-10 minutes
  to complete.

At the prompt, enter the CrateDB Cloud credentials you have set previously in
this turorial.

> You should now see the administration user interface, AdminUI for short, of your

Reviewer: needs a screenshot

first deployed CrateDB Cluster.

Your CrateDB cluster is up and running. Congratulations.

Next steps
==========

> You have deployed your first CrateDB cluster.

Reviewer: this needs developing

perhaps link through to getting started docs for cratedb re querying etc

.. _deploy:

=========================

> Deploy your first cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy
```

=========================

> This page shows you how to:

Reviewer: this para/list is too literal. we should have a short para here that continues the narrative of the getting started tutorial, i.e., "now you have x and y, let's do z"

- Create an organization
- Set a region in Croud (determines where your data is stored)
- Create a project
- Check for available CrateDB products in that region
- Deploy your first CrateDB cluster

.. rubric:: Table of contents

.. contents::
   :local:

> .. NOTE::

Reviewer: this should appear before the TOC

  This document assumes that you're `signed in`_ to your CrateDB Cloud user
  account.

Create an organization

> ----------------------

Reviewer: should use "="

> To begin with, let's create an organization. Organizations hold projects

Reviewer: drop the use of "let's" for this type of documentation. only really applicable for blog post type "code together" content. here you are instructing the user (you're not doing it with them)

that let you deploy CrateDB products such as `clusters`_. Once you've

> created an organization, you can invite CrateDB Cloud users to become

Reviewer: "other CrateDB Cloud users"

`organization members`_.

> Per default, you will be assigned as the administrator of an organization that

Reviewer: reword. "Per default, ..." is not good style

you create.

> Give the `croud organizations create`_ command and pass in ``--name`` to specify

Reviewer: reword. this para essentially prose-ifies the example command. this is too repetitive. instead, say something more like "perform [x action] by running:" you can link the action name to the create command

> the organization name along with ``--plan-type`` to determine the support plan

Reviewer 4: --plan-type is not necessary anymore. Please remove

you want to use, like so:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud organizations create --name YourOrganizationName --plan-type 1

> Use the ``croud organizations list`` command to verify that you are a member of

Reviewer: again, avoid using the command text in the prose

the organization you created:

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud organizations list
    +--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------+
    | id                                   | name           |   plan_type |
    |--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------|
    | 59c7961b-33a2-4478-9e98-2a6b3f54f60e | MyOrganization |           1 |
    +--------------------------------------+----------------+-------------+

This will output a list of organizations that hold you as a member. The

> command's output includes the organization's org-ids, names, and plan types.

Reviewer 4: an organization can only have one id and one name and one plan type. So either remove the plurals or make it organizations'

Reviewer: "ID" should always be capitalized

Create a project

> ----------------

Reviewer: should use "="

> Next, you should set up a region. The ``region`` setting determines where your

Reviewer 4: the user doesn't really "set up" a region. The regions already exist and they are definite. What the do with the croud config commadn is changing the default region.

Reviewer: drop use of "should"

data is stored. It also specifies which CrateDB products, such as clusters, you
will find available.

> The following regions are available: Azure East-US, Azure West-Europe, Bregenz.

Reviewer: should be a list

These are your possible choices for the ``region`` flag in the ``croud config``
command:

> - eastus.azure

Reviewer: should combine with previous list

- eastus2.azure
- westeurope.azure
- bregenz.a1

This tutorial uses the region ``bregenz.a1``.

> Run the ``croud config`` command and pass in ``region`` to set a region, like

Reviewer: same comment re explaining what you're doing, not prose-ifying the command

so:

  .. code-block:: console

     sh$ croud config set --region bregenz.a1
     ==> Info: Region switched to bregenz.a1

Projects contain CrateDB products such as clusters and are created in specific
regions. A CrateDB product that you deploy in a specific project is tied to its
region.

> 

Reviewer 4: Maybe we should note that every command the user now executes will be executed for the "bregenz.a1" region. However, they can always override this setting by passing the `-r ` parameter to the command.
So if they e.g. run `croud clusters list` (default bregenz.a1) and wonder why they didn't get any results (they previously deployed a cluster in eastus.azure) we should point out that it is due to querying the wrong region

To create a project run the  `croud projects command`_ and pass in ``--name`` to
specify the project name, as well as ``org-id`` to specify your organization as

> the organization to create the project in:

Reviewer 4: the `--org-id` parameter is not necessary anymore. Croud automatically take the org the user is assigned to.

Reviewer: this is another prose-ified command example and should be reworked

> .. TIP::

Reviewer: should appear after the example. and not as a TIP

  Use the ID of the organization you created in the previous step.

.. code-block:: console

    sh$ croud projects create --name YourProjectName \
        --org-id 59c7961b-33a2-4478-9e98-2a6b3f54f60e

You have created a project in your organization.

.. SEEALSO::

>   Look up the `Croud CLI Reference`_ for help using the ``croud organizations``

Reviewer: either link to these commands in the above text and remove this SEEALSO, or link the command names themselves in this SEEALSO to the correct page/anchor

  or ``croud projects`` commands.

Review available products

> -------------------------

Reviewer: should use "="

> Now that you've set a region, it's time to look for available products in that

Reviewer: drop use of "it's time"

region.

> Run the ``croud products`` command and pass in ``region`` to see what products

Reviewer: prose-ified command example

   | A CrateDB cluster with standard storage                     | cluster  | cratedb.az1       | 0 - 3 (3 - 9 nodes)       | l      |
   | Crate.io's Offering to connect Azure's EventHub to CrateDB. | consumer | eventhub-consumer | 1 - 1 (1 - 1 instances)   | xs     |
   | Crate.io's Offering to connect Azure's EventHub to CrateDB. | consumer | eventhub-consumer | 1 - 3 (1 - 3 instances)   | s      |
   | Crate.io's Offering to connect Azure's EventHub to CrateDB. | consumer | eventhub-consumer | 1 - 6 (1 - 6 instances)   | m      |
   | Crate.io's Offering to connect Azure's EventHub to CrateDB. | consumer | eventhub-consumer | 1 - 18 (1 - 18 instances) | l      |
   +-------------------------------------------------------------+----------+-------------------+---------------------------+--------+

The output lists all available CrateDB products in your specified region. All
products ship in four different Node sizes (node tiers).

Pick the smallest tier which is the ``xs`` tier. In this case, you would be
deploying the CrateDB cluster ``cratedb.az-gp1`` with the smallest tier.

.. _launch-cluster:

Launch a cluster

> ================

Reviewer: should use "="

Now that you've set a region and chosen a product, you can deploy your first
cluster.

In CrateDB, clusters are deployed with the ``croud clusters`` command and some
arguments to specify all necessary information for the cluster deployment.

These are the required arguments:

> +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer: this table belongs in the reference, not the getting started docs. omit

| ``--cluster-name``     | The CrateDB cluster name to use for deployment. |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| ``--project-id``       | The project ID to use for deployment.           |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| ``--version``          | The CrateDB version to use for deployment.      |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| ``--username``         | The CrateDB username to use for deployment.     |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| ``--password``         | The CrateDB password to use for deployment.     |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+

For this test deployment, the command should look like this:

.. code-block:: console

   sh$ croud clusters deploy \
       --product-name cratedb.az-gp1 \
       --tier xs \
       --cluster-name my-first-crate-cluster \
       --project-id 59c7961b-33a2-4478-9e98-2a6b3f54f60e \
       --version 3.3.0 \
       --username yourusername \
       --password "yourpassword" \
       --region bregenz.a1 \

>        --env prod

Reviewer 2: you don't need to specify --env prod in the commands. the users should only have access to prod. other environments are only for cratedb cloud developers for testing.

If the operation was successful, the command will output:

.. code-block:: console

   +--------------------------------------+------------------------+----------+-------------+--------------------------------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
   | id                                   | name                   | numNodes | crateVersion| projectID                            | username | fqdn                                                 |
   +--------------------------------------+------------------------+----------+-------------+--------------------------------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
   | 8d6a7c3c-61d5-11e9-a639-34e12d2331a1 | my-first-crate-cluster |        1 | 3.3.0       | 59c7961b-33a2-4478-9e98-2a6b3f54f60e | default  | my-first-crate-cluster.bregenz.a1.cratedb.net. |
   +--------------------------------------+------------------------+----------+-------------+--------------------------------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
  ==> Success: Cluster deployed. It may take a few minutes to complete the changes.

> .. CAUTION::

Reviewer: NOTE instead of CAUTION

  The cluster deployment will still be in progress and take around 5-10 minutes
  to complete.

At the prompt, enter the CrateDB Cloud credentials you have set previously in
this tutorial.

> 

Reviewer 4: We never told the user that they should copy the url and open it in their browser.

> You should now see the administration user interface, `Admin UI`_ for short, of

Reviewer: just "CrateDB Admin UI"

your first deployed CrateDB Cluster.

.. image:: _assets/img/admin-ui.png

> Congratulations! You have now `deployed your first CrateDB cluster`_.

Reviewer: drop "now"

> 

Reviewer: finish this section with a new screenshot of what the Cloud Console looks like. perhaps showing a few different screens

.. _what-was-learned:

> What you have learned in this tutorial

Reviewer: this type of summary is good for blog posts, but not fitting here

replace this section with a "Next steps" type section which suggests next steps
